okay I'm here with my friends Tori
Kayleigh cool you guys looks very stoned
already I know it's like something I
always say on the show that it's always
true you guys are out here you smoked
earlier you did the wake-and-bake right
of course I know you don't have to say
it we're all friends but are you guys
best friends actually we're pretty close
you're not best friends no all right
well what do you think it would take to
get you guys don't play the political
shit okay no I want to know what it
would take for you guys to actually be
best friends because you wearing the
same thing like do you guys skinny jeans
and we're coworkers so you guys have to
wear that to work we do unfortunately
okay so your friends at work oh okay so
it's one of those friendships where it's
like you see each other a lot maybe more
than your regular friends but it's like
I don't know if I want to let you in all
the way to my life because I know I
think we would if we hung out more
outside of work done thank you yes yeah
do you have a best friend outside of
this nothing I do I do she lives in
Santa Cruz and you and you live here
yeah she's from LA so you have a
long-distance bf I do and how's that
work do you guys have to Skype we do
Skype actually once a week it's nice do
you we do we set a date it's really
adorable I think that's the Japanese in
here do you have a best friend yeah she
was in Maryland oh so you have a
long-distance one too yeah do you do
Skype yeah sometimes we do FaceTime Oh
do you guys think it's possible to have
a best friend that's a guy no no why
you'll sleep with him you will probably
I don't like you
years later that's what it turns into
right yeah so that's good is that good
or bad it can do you want to get married
and be nice people yeah but like you
might not necessarily feel the same way
or he might not feel the same way and
they were like shit and then you'd
friendzone them and then you friendzone
him and then asking every girl out here
how many friend how many guys you got in
your friend zone yeah every girls like 1
or 2 or in the friends yeah how many
lives are you ruining um probably like 3
I'd say 3 yeah I was like post sleeping
with them so I was like oh yeah I'll
show you there they already hit that oh
that's cool I'm thinking about that
right now did you
that doesn't count it's only guys you
don't sleep Oh John sleep yeah yeah if
you're just a whore then it's fine
everyone gets some what about you do you
have friendzone dudes no good why
because I have a boyfriend right now oh
you do yeah it's kind of like your best
friend some people say their their
significant other can be their best
friend do you believe in that yes but we
didn't start out like best friend no and
you're not now we are you're like
acquaintances that have sex and like see
each other too much
no we're best friend you are yeah we've
been together for two years but that is
like that on your guy friends you don't
have guy friends outside of your
boyfriend right but if we work together
than I probably would
it would be a better best friend to me
you are you who's better who's got
better values why why don't you self
down like that so quick because I'm not
nice that's fine I don't want people to
think I'm into interracial stuff anyways
keep things separate the way it's
supposed to be it's getting no collar
lives Oh is he
I always guys have big honkers true
nobody has big hairy - sorry bro oh man
but he has big hair that makes two of us